Update operator links and texts (#3298)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: content/en/docs/collector/scaling.md

namespace or specific labels on the workloads.

Another way of scaling the Prometheus receiver is to use the

> [Target Allocator](/docs/kubernetes/operator/target-allocator/): it’s an extra
> binary that can be deployed as part of the OpenTelemetry Operator and will split
> the share of Prometheus jobs for a given configuration across the cluster of
> Collectors using a consistent hashing algorithm. You can use a Custom Resource
> (CR) like the following to make use of the Target Allocator:

Reviewer: Minor edits for correctness:
* change `job` to `scrape target`. `job` has a specific meaning in the Prometheus ecosystem, and this could cause confusion.
* Remove the claim that a consistent hashing algorithm is used. This is one of the options, but not the default, and either way this seems like too much of a technical detail for a high-level overview.
```suggestion
[Target Allocator](/docs/kubernetes/operator/target-allocator/): it’s an extra
binary that can be deployed as part of the OpenTelemetry Operator and will distribute Prometheus scrape targets for a given configuration across the cluster of
Collectors. You can use a Custom Resource
(CR) like the following to make use of the Target Allocator:
```

Author: thank you @swiatekm-sumo
